Lindsay Pierce
Alex Stewart
Atiya Abbas
Hannah Reese
Kayla Elam
Maura Hohman
Alicia Tan
Alexa Tucker
Kara Quill
Samantha Hubbard
Holly Hunt 


TEAMS:
The Aces: Atiya, Alicia and Alexa
SLAK: Samantha, Alex, Kayla and Lindsay
HHMK: Hannah, Holly, Maura, and Kara

HHMK: 


Kara Quill:  
1. David Todd presiding Judge, Uncle of Mary Todd, she visited in 1840, Abraham Lincoln possibly came with her. (tweet)


2. First butcher shop in Columbia was established by a free man of color, maybe first in the whole county. (tweet)


3. Several civil war veterans buried at Columbia Cemetery, founders of Lincoln University, only University founded by black civil war veterans (instagram) 


4. Blind Boone, actual founder of ragtime?  (tweet)


5. Gaines was a black man trying to gain admission into Mizzou, eventually admitted but he went missing, no idea what happened to him. (story)
*Info from Paula Roper, MU Ellis Library[a]  librarian   


6. POSTED Beetle Bailey (the statue outside the Alumni center) was created by Mort Walker, who graduated from the University. (instagram) 
http://www.funtrivia.com/en/subtopics/All-about-Columbia-Missouri-296128.html   


7. Gunther’s Games sells Beer (Instagram/tweet)   


8. Tucker Hall on MU Campus has a weird window pattern that’s said to spell out “M-I-Z beat K-U” (Instagram) http://www.mizzou.com/s/1002/index.aspx?pgid=322  


9. The song “green door” was written about the Shack (Source:Myron David Nuffer-Columbia Facebook group)   (POSTED)


10. The large tin behind the bar at Shakespeare’s downtown contains the ashes of a homeless man who used to guard the parking lot. (From Assignment Sheet) 
11. You can bring your own food to the International Tap!  
12. The Museum of Anthropology has a pair of 8,000 year old shoes (POSTED) 
13. Columbia law bans clotheslines but you can still hang your clothes on the fence. http://www.weirdfacts.com/Weird-State-Laws/weird-missouri.html   
14. Bill Eppridge has died, a photo he took of Bobby Kennedy campaigning hangs in the alumni hallway gallery in the ground floor of Lee Hills Hall, instagram of photo, maybe a vine of the hallway (POSTED) 
15. Actor, Lucas Black lives in Columbia. (POSTED)


Alex Stewart
1. Little Dixie Lake was on cover of Real Simple. (Vine, tweet, 50 word blurb) POSTED 9/18
2. In 1862 a girl named Sarah Wheeler attending Stephens hanged herself in Senior Hall and is said to haunt the building. (Tweet, 200-word story) POSTED 9/24
3. MU’s Museum of Art & Archaeology has a linocut by Henri Matisse called “Teeny.” (Instagram/tweet, 400-word story) POSTED 9/27
4. Behind the bar at Booches are 2 open bottles of Jameson and 4 Budweisers to honor the deceased “elite regulars.” As the liquids evaporate, it is said that the men’s ghosts have returned to finish their drinks. (Instagram, tweet, 100 word blurb) POSTED 10/21
5. MU’s Museum of Anthropology houses one of the world’s largest and most comprehensive archery collections, featuring over 5,000 pieces. #why #wtf (Instagram, tweet, 500-word story) POSTED 10/21
6. Columbia has sister cities! http://www.gocolumbiamo.com/Public_Comm/Sister_Cities/ (tweet, 75 word blurb) POSTED 10/22
7. Wikipedia: “Joan Crawford, actress (did not complete first year)” attended Stephens! She is an Oscar winner (tweet, insta, 30 word blurb) POSTED 10/23
8. Columbia College was once Christian Female College, the first college for women west of the Mississippi. “Infrastructure was a problem; the first classes were held in an unfinished mansion.” (Tweet w/ picture, 75 word blurb) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Columbia_College_(Columbia,_Missouri)
9. I saw (and pet!) a camel at MU’s South Farm Showcase. I don’t know whose it is or why it’s here, but it’s clearly not native to mid-Missouri (gif, tweet, instagram, 100-word story on other strange species in Boone County)
10. “Standing on the Corner” by The Four Lads (1956) was written about the corner of Broadway & College where all the Stephens girls walked before the bridge was built across College Ave. (need to verify, some old people told me and I can’t find anything that confirms this.) (Tweet with YouTube link!, 30 word blurb)
11. “Stephens is the second oldest female educational establishment that is still a women's college in the United States. It was founded on August 24, 1833, as the Columbia Female Academy.” (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephens_College) (Tweet, 20 word blurb)
12. Wikipedia: “In 1978, Barbara Uehling became MU's third chancellor and the first woman to lead a major state university in the country.” (Tweet & insta, 20 word blurb) (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_University_of_Missouri)
13. “1868 - Women admitted for the first time.” (tweet, tiny blurb) (http://www.umsystem.edu/ums/about/history/)
14. “1917 - The nation's first soil erosion experiment was carried out in Columbia. The project became the basis for the U.S. Soil Conservation Service's national erosion reduction program.” (http://www.umsystem.edu/ums/about/history/) (tweet, insta?, 75 word blurb)
15. “1890 - The university played its first intercollegiate football game. The opponent was Washington University.” (http://www.umsystem.edu/ums/about/history/) (tweet, insta, 50-word blurb with score of game)


Alicia Tan
1. POSTED - Main Squeeze Basil Lemonade! (Instagram & Tweet)[b]
2. POSTED - FREEBIRDS grand opening (Instagram Video, Twitter)
3. POSTED Joe Strummer partied at Eastside Tavern after a gig at The Blue Note in ‘99. (tweet and Instagram of owner with Strummer)
4. POSTED HBO Girls’ Lena Dunham’s Tiny Furniture was the festival-opening film at the Citizen Jane Film Festival in 2010. (Instagram of box office and tweet)
5. POSTED National Lampoon’s Animal House was originally set to film at MU but the school turned them down. (just a tweet)
6. POSTED Mary Paxton Keeley Elementary was named after the Missouri School of Journalism’s first female graduate (a photo of the school, and then later post a photo of the bust of her head that’s in the J-school)
7. POSTED In 1993, KCOU (MU’s student-run radio station) reunited ‘70s rock band Big Star for its Springfest concert. (GIF and tweet)
8. POSTED Slackers used to be a movie theater!, Instagram (Eastside, El Rancho, and Slackers circa 1956) and tweet, (Alicia Tan)
9. POSTED In 1862, the Civil War forced MU to close for most of the year, tweet 
10. POSTED MU’s first commencement was held in 1843. There were only two graduates (Robert L. Todd and Robert B. Todd), but the ceremony lasted three hours. tweet
11. POSTED Freebirds Tattoosday, Instagram, tweet
12. POSTED Jon Hamm is in an MU YouTube video saying Z-O-U, tweet
13. POSTED An MU alum created a BuzzFeed list: “39 Things That Make You Want To Come Home To Columbia, Mo." tweet
14. POSTED Stephens College’s Firestone Baars Chapel was designed by Finnish architect Eero Saarinen who also designed the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Instagram, tweet
15. KCOU is celebrating its 40th anniversary and are still continuing to expand. The studio has just opened up its recording studio for business. (tweet, story)
16. KCOU used to be located in Pershing Hall, but relocated to the lower-level student center two years ago. (tweet, GIF of the two different studios)
17. Missouri Theatre is the only remaining pre-depression era movie palace in central Missouri (Instagram of the theatre’s interior, tweet)
18. All of the limestone for "white campus" at MU came from the quarry just down the MKT trail when it was still a train line, blurb with historical details, 350 words, instagram photo and shortened tweet
19. A song by Uncle Tupelo called "Whiskey Bottle" was inspired by a place on Business Loop in Columbia, vine with “Whiskey Bottle” audio and image of Liquor, Guns and Ammo sign plus place where sign used to be, NOT POSTED
20. Broadway Diner has secret menu items with weird combos - one that involves a donut and burger, vine of chef making one of the weird menu items and shortened tweet, NOT POSTED
21. If you’re walking down Walnut, you might see some yogis doing poses on the roof of Wilson’s Fitness Center. The fitness center uses its roof as a third classroom for bootcamps and yoga when the weather permits, find out how often these classes happen and why they do it, GIF of different yoga poses, and shortened tweet
22. MU history professor Dr. Steven Watts published a biography about Hugh Hefner in 2008, an Instagram video of him briefly talking a little about his book and how he argues that Hugh Hefner “has profoundly altered American life and values,” possible Q&A about why he became interested in Hugh Hefner and what he thinks about his book 5 years later.


Maura Hohman
1. There is a “Columbia” (city, town or county) or some variant of “Columbia” in 35 states. (Tweet, Instagram of a “Welcome to Columbia” sign) 
2. The Red Hot Chili Peppers played at The Blue Note in 1984 before they were famous. (Tweet, Instagram of The Blue Note stage where they performed, story of about 500 words)
3. The record number of Booche’s burgers consumed in one sitting is 13. (tweet, gif) POSTED
4. The things you didn’t know about Sparky’s. (A list of top three to five items for the following: Sparky’s most commonly suggested flavors, the weirdest flavors they’ve had over the years, the most popular flavors) (about 100 words) (instagram POSTED, vine?)
5. The existence of a place locals call “Graffiti Beach” by Flat Branch Park; Graffiti Beach has been covered up in the renovations of Flat Branch Park; talk to parks and rec about why; try to get in touch with people who used to go there (story 300-400 words)
6. Missouri theater might also be haunted. It’s also on the national register of historic places. (tweet, zooming gif of decorations inside theater)
7. Award-winning video news site Newsy.com is headquartered in Columbia, MO and was started by a J-School alumn, Jim Spencer. POSTED
8. True/False Film Festival is in the best 50 annual film festivals in the world according to film website indiewire.com (Gif of the VOX True/False covers)
9. Shakepeare’s started off as a street-pizza stand and the current space was a bar called Poor Richards. POSTED A RELATED INSTAGRAM (story about Shakespeare’s early years, 500-600 words)
10. Rock Bottom Comics is the second largest comic book store in Missouri. (vine) POSTED
11. Boone County Museum has book talks featuring local authors every month. (tweet) POSTED, instagram of croissant b/c they serve free pastries
12. Missouri shares a border with 8 states, which makes it the most neighborly state in the US! It’s tied with Tennesse, but shhhh. (tweet with gif of big map pointing to each state?)
13. A microfilm copy of Laura Ingalls Wilder’s handwritten memoir is available for interlibrary loan from MU’s library. The original manuscript is at her house Mansfield, but the public is not allowed to view them. (tweet, 100-200 word blurb explaining why is unavaible to public and why Mizzou has a copy)


Atiya Abbas
1. A study conducted by the University of Missouri was featured in the New Yorker this month.http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/elements/2013/09/the-real-reason-facebook-makes-us-unhappy.html
2. The front page design of the Sept 4 issue of the Columbia Missourian was recognised as the one of the top 10 designs of the day by Newseum. It featured the 50th Anniversary of the March on Washington in 1963 (tweet) http://journalism.missouri.edu/2013/09/newseum-recognizes-recent-columbia-missourian-front-page-to-be-among-worlds-top-10-designs-of-the-day/
3. POSTED- Jessica Capshaw, the stepdaughter of Steven Spielberg was born in Columbia, Missouri in 1976. Her parents are alumni of the University of Missouri.
4. Should we include a list of movies shot in Missouri? maybe an instagram collage?
5. Columbia was listed in Forbes 25 Best Places to Retire in 2013 http://www.forbes.com/pictures/mjf45glmi/columbia-missouri-3/
6. The notorious Sam Walton- founder of Wal Mart went to high school in Columbia and attended the University of Missouri (Instagram of Wal-Mart? Story?)
7. On Thursdays Las Margaritas offers $1 margaritas all day (This can incorporate a gif of what you look like after your 7th margarita,  a tweet of how many margaritas are served on average and an Instagram.)




Lindsay Pierce


1. Mugs-Up Drive In, 603 Orange St, is a casual place for an ice cold root beer! The “zip” burger and root beer joint has been serving locals since 1955 at $0.99 a pop, 100-word blurb with “secret” ingredient details, 1 Vine of drive-in, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of “zip” burger, NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce).
Question for Derek: Can we post blurbs on our blogs and Tweet them out? Can that be our “blurb” platform? 
https://www.facebook.com/MugsUpDriveIn?rf=111598732214213


2. ERMAGERD ERLIERNS - The investigation of a UFO with physical trace proof sent heads turning in 1973 in Columbia, 350-word article with quotes from investigators, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of possible location, NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce).
http://ufos.about.com/od/physicalproofcases/p/missouri1973a.htm


3. Banana plants are actually giant herbs, 100-word blurb with quote from Columbia Farmer’s Market, 1 funny banana GIF, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of banana, NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce). http://www.chiquitabananas.com/Banana-Information/banana-fun-facts-and-trivia.aspx


4. The Missouri Amish Produce Co., 3408 Grindstone Parkway, sells produce from the Amish community in Clark, Mo., 100-word blurb with quote from Missouri Amish Produce Co., 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of produce, NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce).
https://www.facebook.com/MissouriAmishProduceCo/info


5. Scott Jones, a janitor at MU in 1923, was accused of raping the 14-year-old daughter of a German professor and hanged on the Stewart Street Bridge, 100-word blurb on the history of the lynching, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of historical photo, NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce). http://www.nbcnews.com/id/40077595/ns/us_news-life/t/mo-corrects-record-college-town-lynching/#.UjdWm2TwJgo


6. Brad Pitt - Where did he live in Columbia? 350-word article on Pitt’s time at MU, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of Brad Pitt (HECK YES), NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce). http://www.celebritiestan.com/2008/02/brad-pitt-through-childhood-high-school-and-college.html


7. Anheuser Busch is expecting 35 baby Clydesdales to be born at the Budweiser Farm in Boonville, GIF of ponies, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of farm, NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce)
http://anheuser-busch.com/index.php/budweiser-clydesdale-farm-to-open-for-2013-season/


8. Perche Creek Cafe is home of the Perche Creek Yacht Club and catfish Fridays, 1 GIF of catfish dinner, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of restaurant, NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce)
http://perchecreekcafe.com/


9. Where is the donut industry in Columbia? 350-word article investigating donuts in Columbia, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of Dixie Cream Donuts, NOT POSTED (Lindsay Pierce)
 
10. The record temperature high for December 5 in Columbia, Mo. was 74 in 1998. The record low for December 5 in Columbia, Mo. was -4 in 1895, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of historical photo
http://www.crh.noaa.gov/lsx/?n=cou_dec 


11. Bottle Bill - Columbia's deposit law was the only municipal container deposit ordinance in the US. It was repealed in April of 2002, 200-word article on the history of the Bottle Bill, 2 Tweets, 1 Instagram of recycled bottles 




Alexa Tucker
1. Murry’s was almost called Miles after Miles Davis (POSTED)
2. Booche’s[c] used to have a literary magazine
3. Mizzou’s university song “Old Missouri” is set to the tune of Annie Lisle
4. Jeane Kirkpatrick, the first female U.S. ambassador to the UN, went to Stephens College (received her associate’s degree) [Tweeted on first day of 68th General Assembly] (POSTED)
5.  Columbia has an average annual rainfall that’s higher than Seattle, but more days of sun (Exact numbers TK, but this is definitely true. Might be fun to instagram when it’s raining?)
6. MU has the largest library collection in Missouri
7. Columbia Area Career Center culinary arts teacher (at Rockbridge) Brook Harlan was on the first season of Food Network Star (Used to be called “The Next Food Network Star”)
8. Glik’s is the only store in Columbia that carries Vineyard Vines (POSTED)
9. There is a little-known seating area between the south and the north wing on memorial union (POSTED)
10. The new Ikea opening in KC in 2014 will be the new closest to CoMo (POSTED)
11. There are X shot concoctions at the Heidelberg (I just thought of this, so exact number TK)
        -Another option: is there an average number of “shot parties” there per weekend? I’ll dig around.


Hannah Reese
1. Broadway Diner moves locations, the whole building goes with it. (Tweet) 
2. Revolutionary War veteran buried in the Columbia Cemetery (Instagram)(POSTED)
3. Carlos from Big Time Rush was born in Columbia (tweet) (POSTED)
4. If you go out the back door of Kaldi's you go directly into the parking garage
5. Sunrise Vine at Capen Park
6. Sunset at Forum MKT park entrance
7. Frequency (story) 
8. Vitality (story)--vegan place in Jefferson City, farm-to-table, local, does workshops etc. MAYBE DOSEN'T EXIST ANYMORE. 
9. The band the White Rabbits was formed while the members were attending MU
10. Mural on the side of The Bridge is artwork by Columbia students blown up (instagram) (POSTED)
11. The old Delta Sigma Phi fraternity house, Pi Kappa Phi's current house, is said to be haunted by a girl named Eleanor (POSTED)
12. Columbia College is said to be haunted by the fiance of a Confederate soldier
13. The antipode of Columbia is in the ocean off the west coast of Australia 
14. Columbia Cemetery is on the Register of National Historic Places. Founded in 1820. (tweet/intstagram) (POSTED)
15. The namesakes of many MU landmarks are buried in Columbia Cemetery (Switzler, Lowry, Rollin etc.) (tweet/instagram) 
16. Bands of Home Tone Records--bands that are signed there. Wes Wingate is the founder and president of the record label and also involved in more than one of the bands.  (story)


Kayla Elam
1. 1. Ernie’s  history as a steakhouse (350 word story) INSTAGRAM GIF
2. 2. The founder of Hyatt chain hotels and who also founded a famous diner on Sunset Blvd in Hollywood, Jack D. Crouch, was born in Columbia. TWEET
3. 3. Sara Evans, a Boonville native, got her start in night clubs in Columbia (trying to find which ones exactly) < don’t know how much of a secret that is, but I didn’t know! TWEET
4. 4. Sam Walton delivered the Columbia Tribune to help out his family during The Great Depression. [d] POSTED
5. 5. The Rockettes performed at the opening of the Missouri Theatre in 1928 (Charlie Chaplin also sent his congratulations on the opening) TWEET
6. 7. Tweet of Gordon House Cabin, one of the oldest buildings known in Columbia
7. 8. The McDonald’s on Business Loop was “hand-picked” by restaurant owner Ray Kroc and was only the 171st Mickey D’s opened in the world. It was knocked down in August and will be rebuilt in October TWEET GIF
8. 9. The clock at Memorial Union uses the wrong Roman numeral for four o’clock: it should be IV, not IIII as it appears: INSTAGRAM VIDEO POSTEDhttp://maa.missouri.edu/images/memorialunion/clockface.jpg 
9. 10. Tweet POSTED: Sparky’s giving out free ice cream for 10th birthday celebration[e]
10. 11. POSTED, Tweet Instagram The Old Academic Hall housed Union soldiers during the Civil War
11. 13. Devil’s Icebox history as Indian land and Civil War battlegrounds, which may have led to its name (Tweet and 150 word blurb)
12. 14. The Museum of Art and Archaeology has one of the only surviving cast galleries in the nation (300 Word Story? Trying to find new angles to make it one!) 
13. 15. You can get a subscription to fresh vegetables year-round at the Root Cellar (they are called bounty boxes) Tweet/Instagram POSTED
14. 16. the Columbia region is part of the Missouri Wine Trails. There is a lot of history and a significant economic impact of the wine industry in this region and in the state, which I feel like people may not know http://missouriwine.org/about/resources-and-links/ (400 word story)[f]
15. 17. Douglass High School has a piece of art by one of the earliest known black artists in America: it is estimated to be worth at least $50,000 (200 word blurb)  INTSTAGRAM http://www.columbiaheartbeat.com/index.php/columbia-life/arts/137-021512 
16. 18. The State Historical Society has the collection of one of the first black newspapers in the country, which was a Columbia newspaper in 1901, on microfiche. Both white and black Columbians subscribed: including the MU president! Tweet




Holly Hunt
1. Hickman assistant principle Jerome Sally won a Super Bowl in 1987 with the New York Giants, is an MU graduate and former lineman (TWEET, POSS STORY)
2. There’s a huge underground warehouse named Subterra (instagram video, tweet, instagram) POSTED
3. There are underground tunnels connecting Hickman to Jeff Jr. High School built in 1912 (need to double check) (GIF, Rockbridge boys bathroom, underground tunnels) 
4. Can bring your own food to the International Tap House on 9th Street (INSTAGRAM)
5. Gunther’s Games is hoping to spread nationwide (STORY)
6. The owner of the Rome, which was once the first automobile dealership in Columbia, wants to tear the building down and build a new one (STORY)
7. Lake Saint Mary, which was once behind the Academic Hall, was buried in the rubble after the Academic Hall burnt down and it no longer exists (TWEET)
8. The iconic Big Burr Oak Tree in McBaine, Mo., believed to have been planted in the 1660’s, is 32 minutes via car from Columbia, an hour and 24 minutes via bike and if you’re feeling really adventurous a 4 hour 55 minute walk.
9. Keija Parssinen, author of bestselling novel “The Ruins of Us,” directs a writing workshop here in Columbia called Quarry Heights Writing Workshop. 
10. The horror film, “You’re Next,” was filmed in Columbia, Mo.
11. Rob Benedict, an actor best known for his role in the TV series “Supernatural” and the movie “Waiting…”, was born and raised in Columbia (tweet, POSTED)
12. The last Marlboro Man before cigarette advertising was no more, actor William Smith (and no, not Will Smith), was born and raised in Columbia (tweet) 


Samantha Hubbard


1. If you join Fazoli’s e-Family online they will send you a coupon for a free spaghetti meal. INSTAGRAM/TWEET POSTED
2. Ragtag Cinemacafé was created from a film screening society known as RagTag Film Society -ragtag website (Tweet) NOT POSTED
3. The restaurant Gunter Hans, which features homemade bretzels, was created from a kickstarter. -Vox did a story about this. (Tweet) NOT POSTED
4. Columbia used to be inhabited by Osage Indians. (GIF, Tweet, NOT POSTED) -http://www.visitcolumbiamo.com/web/welcome/history.php
5. After Academic Hall burned down, citizens of Columbia had to reconstruct Jesse Hall by raising $50,000. Without this, Mizzou would have moved to a different county. -200 word blurb, instagram, vine. NOT POSTED -http://www.visitcolumbiamo.com/web/welcome/history.php
6. There is a giant sinkhole that was filled in under Providence and Stadium in order to start construction. - My source Bryan Mayhan, (350 word story) NOT POSTED
7. Haunted Secret: If the full moon is out and you are on Katy Trail under the bridge, you can spot an expressionless young man with no left arm walking back and forth -http://www.theshadowlands.net/places/missouri.htm just a legend so maybe not a factual secret: (tweet, instagram, 200 word blurb) POSTED
8. Haunted Secret: They say that the former owner haunts the Missouri Theater, making clanking noises and dropping the curtains. -http://www.theshadowlands.net/places/missouri.htm (tweet, instagram)
9. It is legend that the Spanish Treasure is buried somewhere around Harrisonville. -http://www.legendsofamerica.com/mo-treasures5.html (Vine, Instagram)
10. Rose O'Neill, a periodic resident of the Missouri Ozarks, is the creator of the Kewpie -house.mo.gov (Instagram)


11. Brad Pitt lived in Mark Twain his freshman year at Mizzou. (given to Lindsay P.)


12. Jesse James


[a]Cameron Dodd:
I darkened and underlined stories that seem interesting to me.
[b]Amanda Hinnant:
YES!
[c]Amanda Hinnant:
ask Frank Stack about the literary review (which was possibly called Review la Booche). That is a more unknown tidbit.
[d]Amanda Hinnant:
Fantastic detail!
[e]Amanda Hinnant:
This will not make sense for print.
[f]Amanda Hinnant:
Remember that you need an angle, not just a topic.